Improve wildcard listeners docs (#84)
wintercms/docs: events-introduction.md

The following listener will handle all events that begin with `foo.`.

```php
Event::listen('foo.*', function ($event, $params) {
    // Handle the event...
});
```

`$event` provides the event name that was fired.

> `$params` is the event payload; it's an array of the fired event's arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`$params` is the event payload. This will be an array of arguments passed from the fired event.
```

```php
$manager = new UserManager;
$manager->bindEvent('user.beforeRegister', function ($user) {
    // Check if the $user is a spammer
});
```

> > **NOTE**: wildcard listeners are currently not supported for this trait.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: Wildcard listeners are currently not supported for this trait.
```
